README.md, before:

# Fundamentals_Data_Analysis_Project-2019
This is the repository for project for Fundamentals of Data Analysis at GMIT 2019.

This assessment concerns the well-known tips dataset and the Python packages seaborn and jupyter.
The project is broken into three parts, as follows.

1. Description: A git repository containing a jupyter notebook that uses descriptive statistics and plots to describe the tips dataset. (30%). Provide a good summary of the tips dataset.

2. Regression: To the above jupyter notebook add a section that discusses and analyses whether there is a relationship between the total bill and tip amount (30%). A good analysis of the relationship between total bill and tip, with good explanations of the analysis.
 
3. Analyse: Again using the same notebook, analyse the relationship between the variables within the dataset. (40%). Reasonable work investigating the relationship between the variables, with interesting relationships highlighted and discussed.

Summarise the project plan in the Readme.
Use a to-do list like GitHub issues

References

Python Software Foundation. Welcome to python.org. https://www.python.org/.
GitHub Guides. Mastering markdown. https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/
Project Jupyter. Project jupyter. https://jupyter.org/.
Michael Waskom. seaborn. https://seaborn.pydata.org/.
Michael Waskom. Tips data set. https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn-data/blob/master/tips.csv.

Commit message:

overview of the tips dataset and reading in the csv file

README.md, after:

# Fundamentals_Data_Analysis_Project-2019
This is the repository for project for Fundamentals of Data Analysis at GMIT 2019.

This assessment concerns the well-known tips dataset and the Python packages seaborn and jupyter.
The project is broken into three parts, as follows.

1. Description: A git repository containing a jupyter notebook that uses descriptive statistics and plots to describe the tips dataset. (30%). Provide a good summary of the tips dataset.

2. Regression: To the above jupyter notebook add a section that discusses and analyses whether there is a relationship between the total bill and tip amount (30%). A good analysis of the relationship between total bill and tip, with good explanations of the analysis.
 
3. Analyse: Again using the same notebook, analyse the relationship between the variables within the dataset. (40%). Reasonable work investigating the relationship between the variables, with interesting relationships highlighted and discussed.



## How to download this repository

Go to the URL for the repository on GitHub at https://github.com/angela1C/Fundamentals_Data_Analysis_Project-2019
Click the green Clone or download button

## How to run the code

**Python 3** was used to develop this project. Python 3 can be downloaded from the official Python website at https://www.python.org/downloads/. It can also be downloaded using the **Anaconda Python distribution** at https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/

However, the Jupyter Notebook [tips-project.ipynb](https://github.com/angela1C/Fundamentals_Data_Analysis_Project-2019/blob/master/tips-project.ipynb) with all it's code and output can be viewed directly in this GitHub repository in the browser without Python 3 installed.

If, however the notebook doesn't render on GitHub as may happen from time to time, the url for this repository https://github.com/angela1C/numpy.random can be copied and pasted into the [Jupyter nbviewer ](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org ) at
https://nbviewer.jupyter.org  where you enter the location of a Jupyter Notebook and click `Go` to have it rendered there.

Summarise the project plan in the Readme.
Use a to-do list like GitHub issues

References

Python Software Foundation. Welcome to python.org. https://www.python.org/.
GitHub Guides. Mastering markdown. https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/
Project Jupyter. Project jupyter. https://jupyter.org/.
Michael Waskom. seaborn. https://seaborn.pydata.org/.
Michael Waskom. Tips data set. https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn-data/blob/master/tips.csv.
